Want me to teach you?
Excuse me. by chance
do you know where Min Ho Kang is?
Hey.
you don't come greet your noona?
- What are you doing here?
- You know. I just wanted to surprise you.
What a great surprise!
You look amazing.
I can't believe you're here!
Why would you be shirtless in an aquarium?
Do I have to say it?
Tae-Oh. I understand what you're saying.
But Yisoo made this tank top
especially for you.
Really?
Hey. is Eunice around?
What's that?
Macarons. I ordered them overnight.
Eunice loved them on her Paris tour stop.
I just wanted to remind her
what she's working so hard for.
- Are you okay?
- No. I totally messed up.
There's no way I'm getting this job now.
Hey. if you want this job
half as much as I want Eunice back.
don't give up.
- Are you okay?
- I am so sorry.
- Eunice! Here--
- Thank you so much!
Hey. you think I can meet up
with Eunice later?
I'm not sure.
She seems pretty busy. don't you think?
Then. can you give her these macarons?
I want her to know--
Dae. I don't know how to say this…
I think Eunice hooked up
with Tae-Oh on tour.
I'm sorry.
No. thanks for telling me.